[Music]  i wanted to  talk about uh the antidepressants i'm on  why i took them  um briefly go over my history of  depression  side effects i've had stuff like that  it's been a little over a year now i  think um or close to a year  i can't remember my memory is [ __ ]  right now but  it's been um close to a year that i've  been on antidepressants uh my doctor  recommended  that i try  an snri  which stands for serotonin  norepinephrine reuptake inhibitor  so it's not an ssri it's an snri and  it's called pristiq  i believe the generic name for the  medication is dixeniflaxin  um as soon as i started taking it  literally the first day  i felt normal it was weird  when i'm in a depressive state i feel  like  i can't experience any joy or happiness  activities that i normally really like  i just feel nothing  it feels like i'm completely dead inside  and there's no reason to exist and i  just have this  constant pain of existence and um  literally the first day i started taking  them  i felt good um it was weird i was like  playing video games and i'm like oh my  god i'm enjoying this  i was relaxing watching movies with  jasmine and i was and i just felt like  wow i'm enjoying myself and i'm happy so  they're not like literal magic happy  pills  that um i don't know it's not like a  drug like high where you get some sort  of temporary  euphoric sense it just makes  at least for me this is my experience on  them it just makes me feel  normal  as far as side effects though  had some issues with side effects  recently and i'll get into that but  when i first started taking them i was  on 50 milligrams a day  um initially what i noticed was really  really bad fatigue uh that ended up  going away after about a week um as soon  as i'd take like a pill it would pretty  much knock me out  and i'd have to sleep for at least three  or four hours that went away after about  a week  and i had  sort of normal wakefulness during the  day  i could sleep fine  um i also noticed a reduction in penile  sensitivity just slightly  it wasn't harder to get an erection but  it was  just a slight slight reduction in  sensitivity it was a little tiny bit  harder to orgasm  but again that went away after about two  weeks  and  that was oh yeah and uh hunger my  appetite went down massively that took a  little  little while longer to normalize  i just did not feel hungry and i had to  make sure that i planned my meals ahead  of time i couldn't rely on just normal  hunger signals to tell me when to eat  and that took about a month to normalize  now the only problem i've had recently  um i ended up upping the dose of the  medication from 50 milligrams to 100  milligrams  the reason that ended up happening was  um  i ended up having  like  psychotic symptoms for a week i was  having hallucinations  um i was just acting very erratically  and um  i went to the doctor to talk about it  because obviously that's pretty  concerning  uh she recommended that i up the dose of  the medication uh again from 50  milligrams to 100 milligrams  turns out i i well i guess i still have  to figure it out but i don't think it  was necessary i think i was just  suffering from cabin fever  um i have been getting a really annoying  side effect from the prosthetic  medication i'm on  which is just uh insane exhaustion  at 100 milligrams for whatever reason  i'm just [ __ ] tired constantly no  matter how much i sleep  no matter how much i rest um  even when i don't train i sleep all day  and i just relax i'm still just dead  tired  and that's one of the reasons why i  haven't been posting many videos um well  any videos really even my streams i  haven't been setting up goals on the  stream to stream longer because  i'm just dead [ __ ] tired constantly  and i might just have  like a really really bad wave of fatigue  where i just can't keep streaming  i i'm very confused right now  what am i doing  who was i talking to  what  can you give me my other cokes in the  freezer please  no just give me my coke so i need my  cokes  yeah okay  did you take my bike keys  no  what if i need to get more soda it  happened the other day where i was  planning to do a really long stream at  least 12 hours but i think at like  around four or five hours i was just  dead  and i had to uh just  call it off and just sleep  and one last thing i wanted to talk  about if you're ever on a medication  like this do not miss doses holy [ __ ] um  really bad idea so because of the  fatigue it's super annoying like i can't  do anything right um sometimes i even  struggle like getting up to train  so um  i thought okay what if i just take two  days off the medication and  uh i'll see if i have any more energy  because the fatigue was just frustrating  me so much i literally couldn't get up  to do anything  so i took two days off of taking my meds  really bad idea uh as soon as i did that  like on the second day i had really  really strong suicidal urges i came  within an inch of attempting suicide  and i had to ask jasmine to hide all of  the sharp objects in the house  it's easy to say  that science and religion  are two different things  it's a little bit less easy to recognize  the extent to which we live with what we  think of  as science  and what we think of  as religion  in exactly the same way if you have a  friend if you have a family member  who believes in the christian faith ask  them just try to ask them  how is it possible for you to believe  that this book is the sacred word of god  sometimes  it's one thing to believe the whole book  cover to cover is the word of god it's  another thing to dismiss the whole book  say the whole thing is nonsense  but you know what really makes it  intolerable to break bread with  christians  is that they pick and choose  not just within the same tome but  sometimes from one sentence to the next  within say ecclesiastes within  paul's epistle to the romans and so  somehow  this sentence they believe in and not  that one  they pick and choose when  the sacred word of god matters and when  it does not what i have to ask you  richard is  what is your relationship to science  isn't it fair to say at this point  that you only use science  when it suits your purpose  to bully  and denigrate  and humiliate others  isn't it true  that you've spent years  doing selective readings  of research  of studies of peer-reviewed paper  only when it suits your agenda and that  your agenda  most of the time  is really just to hurt someone else's  feelings and that when  the findings of science are inconvenient  for you  when they hurt  your feelings  just like one of those religious people  who consciously or unconsciously  filters  the passages of the bible  they're willing to take seriously when  it challenges your emotional equilibrium  you have no interest  in science at all  one of my other colleagues one of my  other contemporaries one of my other  rivals here on youtube is called  unnatural vegan  she's really interested  in science  when it lets her  preen and boast  make a great public display of her  intellectual superiority over others  but when it makes her feel stupid  when it makes her feel powerless when it  makes her feel immoral when it makes her  feel  like she's placing her own health in  danger  when she's placing her own  infant child's health in danger when  she's damaging the health of her own son  or daughter  and there are peer-reviewed papers that  back that up she has  just as little interest  in seeing it just as little capacity to  hear it  as the christians in dealing with the  fact  that their sacred text  endorses  slavery  [Music]